Let's implement destroy action that is responsible for deleting models from the database, so to actually
remove the record from the database table, you need a model instance.
So use the blog post, find or fail method to get the model as we have the I.D. parameter passed to
us.
You just need to call the delete method.
And that table record will be gone forever, Laravel supports so-called soft deletes, allowing to mark
models as deleted without physically deleting them from the database.
This would be talked about later.
Finally, let's tell users their reaction was successful and redirect to the list of posts previously
when we wanted to add a flash message.
We used the request object that was passed to the request method here in the destroy method.
It is not passed, but that's no problem.
There are many ways you can access the current session.
So one of the ways would be to justifying that request object.
As this method parameter and a lot of us will know that it needs to insert the current request object
into this method, that would be one way to access the request and thus the session.
But you don't really have to do it this way.
You can also access the session using the session helper function and the same applies to request.
There also is a request.
Helper function that well, basically does the same thing.
OK, we just need this session, so let's access it using the helper function.
And then Flash said the status message to be blog post was deleted with an exclamation mark.
And finally, let's do a redirect not to the blog post this time us.
We've just deleted it this time.
This would be, to the least of all posts, save the judges.
And now it's time to check it out.
So we are back on our not so beautiful list of blog posts, let me try with the last one.
This seems to work, we have the flash message that we can just click on them and delete them from the
database.
Well, maybe we should also fix the flash message.
It was deleted.
That's the last time when you saw our website looking so ugly.
From the next lecture, we will be working on styling it.